Robert Putnam
01.) I made a global var that I would set after the play so the bot could return it
02.) I just picked two moves that covered each others weaknesses and made a random function
to pick between the two. Unfortunately stupid bot does win currently.
03.) Python is dynamically typed, and it is strongly typed. It allows for variables to swap to
whatever type it needs to, but it will not perfore string operations on an int.
04.) Random bot always beats stupid bot. Stupid bot and iterative bot always tie. Iterative bot
and random bot is pretty even. Stupid bot always beats my bot. Last play bot almost always beats
iterative bot. I can beat any of them consistently except for random, which sometimes wins.
05.) Against a random opponenet it is pretty random. However there are some pretty common strategies.
This allows for some algorithms to actually win most of the time. But most of the time it seems like
it will just be random chance if you win or not. If you know ahead of time what algorithm you are 
playing against it might not be too hard to design one to beat it, but it would still take some time. 
06.) I think the utilization of white space is interesting and its ease for file editing and network
access/connections is very nice.
07.) I dislike the lack of braces just because for me it shows more implicitely where things end. All
in all I think python is a pretty good language but I would need some more practice with its scoping
before I would want to do more than just some scripting in it.
08.) I did like this lab, I prefer OOP because it is just a bit more comfortable. I felt that this one
was pretty straight forward. I actually ended up experimenting with different windows text editors for
this lab, and eventually settled on sublime with the VIM plugin. as much as I like NP++ I like having
access to the VIM commands more. 
09.) I didn't really count. I think I spent closer to 8 hours on this one just because of some stupid errors and 
some case sensitive problems. I am still getting a couple warning, but since it is not impacting program
performance I decided I might look into it if I have more time.
10.) I do feel that I will use python again. Probably for networking. I have used python quite a bit for
update scripts. Mostly just running updates for me, but since I do not have my linux box running
right now I have not had a use for python for a while.